---
layout: post
title: "Dive"
author: "Ellie Drewry"
---

I have never been in love.  
I’ve always had good balance so I’ve never fallen in.  
Even when I cautiously tiptoed,  
curled my toes over the edge  
and leaned over as far as I dared.  
<!--more-->

People have fallen in and blamed me for it  
Splashing me as they tread water  
When they realised I wasn’t going to fall for them  
To try and get the tiles wet  
So that I would slip and fall in by accident.

I watched, wrapped in a towel on the side  
As my friends fell in  
And smashed their head on the edge  
Making them stay in hot water for too long  
Because they confused their concussion for happiness. 

I watched, wrapped in a towel on the side  
As my friends drowned  
And did so silently  
Making as little fuss as possible  
Because they confused their suffering for emotional maturity.

But as I sat, shivering, I began to see  
People swimming so many laps and tumbleturns  
That their fingertips went wrinkly  
So they could feel nothing but the temperature of the water  
Even on the circle line  
The love made it easier to perform tricky manoeuvres like handstands.

They were weightless  
Effortlessly able to lift each other up  
As long as they were always submerged.  
They wanted to soak up every second.  
There’s a risk to love. There are no lifeguards.

If you fall in, you have to get out alone.  
I don’t think I’m strong enough to climb out. And even if I was  
My hair takes so long to dry that the love would linger  
Clinging to my skin for hours.  

I don’t want to fall in love.  
I don’t want to be pushed.  
I want to walk up to the edge of the deep end  
Keep my eyes open  
And jump.